what's good everybody I'm back again
with another video and we just got that
when it was terrible it was an ugly win
but we were able to get away with it and
we're gonna go ahead and finish off
opening these six packs so we're gonna
hop into this first pro pack and
hopefully we can get something good we
good bill belichick once again where's
my gold we get Todd Herremans a right
guard I needed some help on the
offensive line and we got it evil so
that's even great we'll go over and look
at his stats we got Todd Herremans we're
gonna go over and look consistency is
the key you read that first in its
strength the awareness and that run
blocking is what's gonna make him a
great player for my team he excels and
pulling and we're going to use them a
lot in counters and situations like that
with our speedy run situations so we're
going to promote him to a starter
immediately over TJ laying I just picked
up as well and TJ Lang I may move him
over to left guard unless I can get
somebody else and that's hit on this pad
we're gonna go ahead and 0 to the next
pack we end up getting Rueben Randle and
also James Harrison i might get fine for
playing with him I know Roger Goodell
watching my videos but yes we go over to
James Harrison 86 street
I know the speed is not his strength
actually so his awareness is what I'm
going to key on I know you have to have
a high big hit hits degrading its power
movie pursuit now he's one of those guys
that I may have to play it at the end
position because I'm thinking about
going back to the 43 because Robert
Quinn does not do well as a 34 as you
see it hit power is a 96 so we go ahead
and keep going in this pack I know
that's my goal player so I'm not gonna
get anything else I like that bugs
Jersey I may actually where that i don't
know you I haven't decided what I'm
gonna do with some of this stuff as we
keep going we get the 49ers uniform I'm
gonna go the other way I'm trying
something different see if that actually
works give me a little eat I need an
elite we get Pierre Thomas so we do get
an upgrade at running back I was needing
an upgrade at running back we go over to
here at Thomas he was able to catch the
ball back field a lot last year and he's
one of those guys that you know shares a
lot of the carrier's down there with the
saints and you see these only 88 speed a
little bit of love the league average
just a tad bit
what he does a great job with job of
trucking so he'll be my power back to go
a bishop sankey if I can't get anybody
else so we're gonna keep on going let's
go ahead and go to the next pack we get
green owed to your comedy I'm not even
gonna murder that man named sorry if I
did somebody hit me in the comment
section down below how to pronounce that
he's going to be a right tackle even
though I have a good right tackle right
now I believe well actually comparing
and see if I have a good right tackle I
do not so he'll be actually a starting
right tackle right away from me and we
go over to his numbers I scroll down and
we're going to actually put him in the
starting lineup he's a run block I'm
running right every time now we're
running right the rest of the gang I'm
telling you we're not even going to look
at the left side unless I get something
great on that side as we get ready to
open this pack we go over Barrett Jones
roll tide on the plate yeah and we get
Jay Cutler so Jay Cutler's at
quarterback now the question is do I
just put him back on the market because
i have Flacco and ej manuel i won't need
both of them and i need some more
running backs as well as y receiver so
Jay Cutler is that guy right here and we
go into this pack as well we get the Sun
Golson I needed a free safety badly and
I got a free safety so I'm cool with
this pack opening as we go ahead and
scroll through some more we look at the
pack
we're going to compare him to I have
have right now that's a immediate
upgrade at free safety as we scroll
through you see the numbers 9700 man
I'll tell you that he is a captain on
that team so he's got the captain logo
we go over 88 speed not too bad 62
perfect size prototype free safety and
he's actually a got like a big hitter
and we'll so i'll scroll down to make
sure i'm thinking he is and he has 97
hit power main 97 hit power so we're
going to promote him to the starter
right away in anything on it do anything
goes but guys that's what's up with this
video we're going to go over here and
i'm just going to adjust a lot of one
quick time for you guys and we're going
to go with our best suitable lineup jay
cutler now in at quarterback over Joe
Flacco because Joe Flacco can't throw
the deep ball and I'm sure that Jay
Cutler hand
so now you see the lineup you still need
that Center we don't have a center yet
and we do need another wide receiver for
the beef it's it's a 34 but we're going
to change it up to a 4-3 because we need
to get Robert Quinn on the outside
getting you know to the quarterback and
I'm looking at it I think we're slowly
building a solid team we need that third
corner and we also need another Detapa
so as we get over to the specialist Ted
again we'll take care of that Pierre
Thomas is the prototypical third down
running back so we got everything set up
for this team so y'all be good i'll have
another video out real soon